versions/2.3.0/source/02random.rst, before:

Obtaining a random username
===========================

Sometimes it's a good idea to preemptively suggest a username to users who want to create a new account.
Whether you want to ensure usernames are valid, safe and non-duplicate or you wish to align usernames with the
in game universe you have created, KWS can help you by providing a method to generate random usernames.

In order for KWS to properly generate then you'll first have to add possible values in your KWS dashboard:

.. image:: img/randomnames.png

Once that's done, it's a simple as calling:

.. code-block:: objective-c

  KWSChildren.sdk.getRandomUsername (MainActivity.this,
                                     new KWSChildrenGetRandomUsernameInterface ()
  {
    @Override
    public void didGetRandomUsername (String name) {
      // if the name parameter is null, no name could be generated or
      // KWS is down;
      // Otherwise it will return a valid, unique name based on the values
      // you entered in the dashboard
    }
  });

Commit message:

Update docs with display name and remove persistance page

versions/2.3.0/source/02random.rst, after:

Obtaining a random display name
===========================

Sometimes it's a good idea to preemptively suggest a display name to users who want to create a new account.
Whether you want to ensure display names are valid, safe and non-duplicate or you wish to align names with the
in game universe you have created, KWS can help you by providing a method to generate random display names.

In order for KWS to properly generate then you'll first have to add possible values in your KWS dashboard:

.. image:: img/randomnames.png

Once that's done, it's a simple as calling:

.. code-block:: objective-c

  KWSChildren.sdk.getRandomUsername (MainActivity.this,
                                     new KWSChildrenGetRandomUsernameInterface ()
  {
    @Override
    public void didGetRandomUsername (String name) {
      // if the name parameter is null, no name could be generated or
      // KWS is down;
      // Otherwise it will return a valid, unique name based on the values
      // you entered in the dashboard
    }
  });
